[#36]  V9 Migration Schema Migration Tool (Liquibase) Documentation #36 (#37)
TEAMMATES/teammates-ops: maintainer-guide.md

Since the detail of such vulnerability cannot be disclosed until it is fixed, an issue can be created just before a PR for the fix is submitted, with minimal information (e.g. simply "Security vulnerability" as an issue with no further description).
The complete details can be filled in just before merging and/or after the fix is deployed.

### Schema migration

> Schema migration is necessary when tables/ columns have to be added 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schema migration is necessary when tables/columns are amended/added. Refer to TEAMMATES repo [docs/schema-migration.md](https://github.com/TEAMMATES/teammates/tree/master/docs/schema-migration.md)
```

**Role: RL**
* Consolidate all changelogs in the current release folder in `src/main/resources/db/changelog` into a single changelog to put into `src/main/resources/db/changelog`

> * Follow dev guide on targeting changelog created and run `./gradlew liquibaseTag -PliquibaseCommandValue=<release-num>` to tag changelog to current release

Reviewer: @NicolasCwy Just want to clarify: Should RL or PM be the one running this command? As line 165 mentioned that PM also needs to run this

Author: Amended this. RL has to add a changeset manually to tag the changelog. PM will run one command to execute changelog on DB
